[docs] Improve textfield docs and re-establish links to Material UI components (#3929)
mui/mui-toolpad: docs/data/toolpad/studio/components/text-field/text-field.md

## Validation

The validation props offer the option to create an interactive text field component for various scenarios. These are available as a checkbox configurations in the Toolpad Studio editor.

### isRequired

> isRequired prop is useful when the action can't be perfomed without a user provided text value. It can be used to assign mandatory fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `isRequired` prop is useful to display an error message when a value is not provided. It can be used for mandatory fields.
```

{{"demo": "TextFieldIsRequired.js", "hideToolbar": true}}

### minLength

> A check on the minimum length of the input. In the below demo the input should be more than six characters long else it throws a validation error. It can be used to ensure passwords are long enough.

Reviewer: Shows an error message according to the minimum required length for the provided text value. It can be used to ensure that a provided password is long enough, for example.

In the demo below, the input must be more than 6 characters long, otherwise a validation error is shown.

{{"demo": "TextFieldMinlength.js", "hideToolbar": true}}

### maxLength

> A validation check on the maximum length of the input. The below demo shows a validation error when the input breaches the limit of ten characters. In combination with other props, it can be used for zip codes, phone numbers, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shows an error message according to the maximum required length for the provided text value. In combination with other props, it can be used to enforce the length of zip codes or phone numbers, for example.

In the demo below, the input must be at least 10 characters long, otherwise a validation error is shown.
```
